Document Supertraits and `where` clauses (#969)
FuelLabs/sway: docs/src/advanced/generic_types.md

> ## Trait Constraints

Reviewer: We should a note in italic at the end of this section that says that
"`where` clauses are still work-in-progress".

> Important background to know before diving into trait constraints is that the `where` clause can be used to specify needed traits of the generic argument. So when writing something like a Hashmap you may

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Important background to know before diving into trait constraints is that the `where` clause can be used to specify the required traits for the generic argument. So, when writing something like a `HashMap` you may
```

want to specify that the generic argument implements a `Hash` trait.

```sway
fn get_hashmap_key<T>(Key : T) -> b256

>   where T: Hash

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    where T: Hash
```

{

>   // Code within here can then call functions assosiated with the Hash trait on Key

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    // Code within here can then call functions associated with the Hash trait on Key
```

>     // Code within here can then call functions associated with the Hash trait on Key

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    // Code within here can then call methods associated with the Hash trait on Key
```

}
```

> *`where` clauses are still work-in-progress, so some above statements may not be fully implemented*

Reviewer: Oh I think should actually go at the end of the "Traits Constraints" section instead.
